Please answer the below core-java Questions:

What is programing language?
A. programming language is a vocabulary and set of grammatical rules for
  instructing a computer or computing device to perform specific tasks.





What jdk contains or composed of and define each components?
A.The Runtime Interpreter
  The Compiler
  The Applet Viewer
  The Debugger
  The Class File Disassembler
  The Header and Stub File Generator
  The Documentation Generator
  Applet Demos
  API Source Code






What is IDE?
A.integrated devolopment environment .



What are the IDEs available in the market to support java?
A.NetBeans. NetBeans is an open-source Integrated Development Environment written in Java. ...
  Eclipse. Eclipse is another free Java IDE for developers and programmers. ...
  IntelliJ IDEA Community Edition. ...
  Android Studio. ...
  Enide Studio 2014. ...
  BlueJ. ...
  jEdit. ...
  jGRASP.



Explain the entire java life cycle.

Life cycle of a java program tells us what happens right from the point when
we type source code in a text editor to the point that source code is converted
into machine code (0’s and 1’s).

There are three main stages in the life cycle of a java program. They are:

Editing the program
Compiling the source code
Executing the byte code

what is class?
A class is a blueprint that defines the variables and the
 methods common to all objects of a certain kind.


What is object?

In Object-oriented programming, an object is an instance of a Class.

What is the entry point of an application?
Application entry points are used to control users' access to different
 versions of an application that is deployed on a platform

Why main is static?
static means that there is only one copy of the main function is available.
Java JVM will always look for specific method signature to start running an application,
and that would be public static void main(String args[]).

Which class is the superclass of all classes?

What is difference between path and classpath variables?
What is the difference between an Interface and Abstract class?
Can you make an Object from an Interface and Abstract class ? if not how do you use it ?
what is Access Specifier?
What is OOP ? Define each feature of java OOP.
What is Java Package and which package is imported by default?
What is API? Name list of API that you have used so far.
Does java support multiple inheritance, explain why or why not?
What is method overloading and when it happens?
Explain exceptions in java and how to handle it.
What is static keyword in java? How it has been used in variables and methods ?
What is final and how it has been used variables and methods?
What is final, finally and finalize?
What is a constructor ?
Can we have multiple constructors in a class?
If we don't have a constructor declared, what is called during the object creation?
What is "this" keyword in java ?
What is "super" keyword in java? How many possible way can you use?
What is JVM stand for ?
Is JVM platform independent?
What version of java are you using?
What is JAR stand for ?
What is the difference between JDK and JVM?
What is the difference between JVM and JRE?
What is compile time and run time?
What is heap?
How java manage it's memory?
What is the difference between String, StringBuffer and StringBuilder?
What is Singleton class?
What is Serialization and Deserialization?
when to use transient variable in java?
Difference between while and do..while loop?
What is Enum?
What is Iterator?
Which one will take more memory, an int or Integer?
Why is String Immutable in Java?
What is constructor chaining in Java?
The difference between Serial and Parallel Garbage Collector?
What is JIT stands for?
Explain Java Heap space and Garbage collection?
Can you guarantee the garbage collection process?
What is the difference between stack and heap in Java?
What is reflection in java and why is it useful?
what is multithreading in java?
What is the use of synchronization in Java?
What is Framework?
What are the testing Framework available in java?
Difference between jUnit and testNG?
What are the dependencies for this project?
what is dependency injection in java?
What is static binding and dynamic binding?









